The Falling Rain of Blessings
A Brief Daily Practice of the Wealth Deity White Jambhala
by Trulshik Adeu Rinpoche

Homage to Padmākara, embodiment of all sources of refuge!
Here I shall write a sādhana for Orgyen Khandro Norlha, through whom one may dispel poverty
among all impure beings and accomplish all supreme and common siddhis. May the gurus, chosen
deities and ḍākinīs grant their permission.
Remain in an isolated place, seated comfortably, and recite the vowels and consonants, hundred-syllable
mantra and essence of dependent origination three times. Then, having blessed
your speech, recite the following while remaining undistracted:
namo
Namo!
lama pejung chenrezik
In the guru Padmākara, Avalokiteśvara,
könchok sum la dak kyab chi
And the Three Jewels, I take refuge.
khanyam magyur semchen nam
I generate the wish that all sentient beings,
sangye tobpar semkyé do
My past mothers as infinite as space, may attain Buddhahood.

rangsem machö tongpé ngang
With my mind unaltered, in a state of emptiness,
magak saltong rigpé tsal
As the unceasing expression of clear empty awareness,
rangnyi arya dzambha la
I appear as Ārya Jambhala,
karsal chak yé bechön dang
Brilliant white, holding a staff in the right hand
yönpé nor kyuk né'u lé dzin
And a jewel-spouting mongoose in the left,
drumor khatram tsesum nam
While cradling a three-pronged khaṭvāṅga.
rinpoche yi gyen gyi tré
He is adorned with jewel ornaments
pema dawé den tengdu
And sits on lotus and moon-disc seat,
yu druk tengdu tsen khyil shyuk
Powerfully atop a turquoise dragon.
khor du khandro dé shyi kor
He is surrounded by a retinue of four classes of ḍākinī,
rang rang chaktsen gyen dangché
Each with their own implements and adornments.
chiwor nangta chenrezik
At his crown are Amitābha and Avalokiteśvara,
gyalwa tselha rik nga ché
And the five classes of victorious ones and long-life deities.
nang la rangshyin mepa yi
They all appear while lacking true reality,
ja ö saltong long du kyé
Amidst an expanse of clear, empty rainbow light.
dzam lhé tukkar dawé teng
At Jambhala’s heart upon a lunar disc
tuk sok ngak kyi trengwa sal
Is the vital syllable and mantra garland,
ö trö gyal chö jinlab dü
From which light radiates, offering to the victorious ones and collecting their blessings.
semchen drib jang tsesö pel
Beings’ obscurations are purified, their longevity and merit increased.
ngödrub kündü dak timpé
As the gathering of all siddhis dissolves into me,
jinlab ngödrub charbeb gyur
A rain of blessings and accomplishment descends.
om pema trodha arya dzambha la hridaya hung pé
oṃ padmakrodha ārya jambhala hṛdaya hūṃ phaṭ
dakini harinisa si sum gyi zé nor tsé sö paljor nyendrak ngatang kaya wakka tsitta washam kuru
yé soha
ḍākinī harinisa—the wealth, longevity, merit, glory, prosperity, fame and influence of the three
worlds—kāya vāk citta vaśaṃ kuruye svāhā
Recite this, then settle in the expanse of primordial purity beyond reference. Dedicate the
virtue and recite prayers of aspiration.

For my student and patron Orgyen Asura, this was written in the retreat house of the great adept
Tsoknyi, at Druk Dongak Shedrup Ling, Rigdzin Chögyal Dorje’s centre for the essential
teachings of the glorious Drukpa. Sarva maṅgalam.

| Translated by Adam Pearcey, 2020.