Windhorse Practice of Tārā
by Trulshik Adeu Rinpoche

This windhorse practice relying upon Noble Lady Tārā is a prayer that fulfils all wishes.
At the end of the Tārā practice,1 or after reciting the Praises to Tārā2 as much as one can,
begin:
om, namkhé gyalmo drowa kün drolma
Oṃ. Queen of space, savior of all beings,
küntu khyabpa namdak lung gi kham
Perfectly pure essence of wind that pervades all,
jikten kham kün kyé dang pel jepé
You give birth to all worlds and cause them to flourish.
pakma drolmé shyab la chaktsal lo
Noble Lady Tārā, I pay homage to you!

karmo tön da gyepé shyal nga ma
Lady whose face gleams as white as the autumn moon,
gang dé mitün nöpa kün shyi shying
By pacifying all adversity and affliction,
tünkyen samdön lhün gyi drub dzepé
And spontaneously bringing favorable conditions and fulfiling wishes,
jikgyé ying su shyiwé lung ta kyé
Generate the windhorse of dissolving the eight dangers into space!

sermo ser dok nyimé zi nga ma
Lady who shines as brightly as the golden sun,
gang dé gü dang pongpa kün sel shying
By eliminating all decadence and poverty,
tsé sö paljor drakpa rab pelwé
And increasing lifespan, merit, wealth and renown,
püntsok palyön gyepé lung ta kyé
Generate the windhorse of expanding prosperity and fortune!

marmo ragé dangden zibar ma
Lady who blazes with the luster of red rubies,
gang dé shyenwang galkyen kün sel shying
By dispelling all dependency and misfortune,
rangwang jikten nangwa kün duwé
And bringing the whole apparent world under my control,
kham sum wang du duwé lung ta kyé
Generate the windhorse of magnetizing the triple world!

ngönmo indanilé dangden ma
Lady who sparkles with blue sapphire brilliance,
gang dé dra dön nöpa kün dok ching
By repelling all enemies, obstacles and harm,
mitün jikpé chok lé namgyalwé
And granting total victory over all danger and adversity,
dü dé zil gyi nönpé lung ta kyé
Generate the windhorse of overpowering demonic hordes!

jangmo ma ra katé öden ma
Lady who beams with emerald green light,
gang dé mindö chok nam kün shyi shying
By pacifying all unwanted circumstances,
tashi pal gyi dön kün drub jepé
And accomplishing all aims with auspicious glory,
trinlé kha dang nyampé lung ta kyé
Generate the windhorse of acting on a space-like scale!
Next, recite the Essence of Interdependence mantra (Tendrel Nyingpo):
om yé dharma hetu prabhava hetun teshan tatagato hyavadat | teshan tsa yo nirodha evam vadi
maha shramana soha
oṃ ye dharmā hetu prabhāvā hetuṃ teṣāṃ tathāgato hyavadat | teṣāṃ ca yo nirodha evaṃ vādī mahāśramaṇaḥ
svāhā ||

The one who holds the name of the Eighth Trulshik composed this to fulfill the earnest request
of Golok Akyong Miwang Tendzin Gyatso, and due to the dire need for such a prayer. May
it be the cause of total victory!

| Lhasey Lotsawa Translations (trans. Peter Woods and Stefan Mang) with the kind assistance
of Adam Pearcey, 2020.
↑ That is the sādhana known as The Profound Essence of Tārā or Zabtik Drolchok (zab tig sgrol
chog).↑ A reference to The Praise to Tārā with Twenty-One Verses of Homage